Add smtp relation interface (#126)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/smtp/v0/README.md

# `smtp`

## Overview

> This relation interface describes the expected behavior between of any charm claiming to be able to interface with a SMTP Provider and the SMTP Provider itself.

Reviewer: Aside from not being grammatically correct, this whole sentence is confusing.

In ingress we have: `This relation interface describes the expected behavior of any charm claiming to be able to provide or consume ingress data.`

We didn't yet quite agree on a generic formulation for what this should look like, and also, it's kind of repeated information in every README so IMHO we could also decide to drop this section altogether @simskij @gruyaume @benhoyt @tmihoc ?

For now, we could rephrase it to something more correct/informative:
```suggestion
This relation interface specification describes the expected behavior of charms integrating over the `smtp` Juju interface to provide or consume SMTP data.
```

Reviewer: see #127 for further discussion, dropping this for now

## Usage

In most cases, this will be accomplished using the [smtp library](https://github.com/canonical/smtp-integrator-operator/blob/main/lib/charms/smtp_integrator/v0/smtp.py), although charm developers are free to provide alternative libraries as long as they fulfil the behavioural and schematic requirements described in this document.

## Direction

The `smtp` interface implements a provider/requirer pattern.
The requirer is a charm that requires SMTP details to connect to an SMTP server, and the provider is a charm holding those details.

```mermaid
flowchart TD

>     Provider -- host, port, user, password_id, auth_type, transport_security, domain --> Requirer

Reviewer 2: Is the `password_id` a Juju secret id? If yes, please specify it somewhere here.

Reviewer: that also makes me think: how will either charm know it if the other end does or does not support secrets?

Author: The description of the different fields is in the schema definition. I don't see how that fits here

Reviewer 2: Schema definition is also fine but even there it doesn't specifically say "Juju" secret.

Author: Updated in the schema definition

>     Provider -- host, port, user, password_id, auth_type, transport_security, domain --> Requirer

Reviewer 3: People have differing opinions about whether a username is secret or not. Is there a Canonical standard here? I think I have seen elsewhere that in a case like this the Juju secret would have all the credential, ie. both username and password, and the databag would only have the secret ID.

Author: Not that I'm aware of

```

> or alternatively, if secrets are not supported by both sides

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this be "not supported by either side"?

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Provider -- host, port, user, password, auth_type, transport_security, domain --> Requirer
```

## Behavior

The requirer and the provider must adhere to a certain set of criteria to be considered compatible with the interface.

### Provider

> - Is expected to provide the host in the relation databag.

Reviewer: I usually try to use "publish" in this context to avoid confusion with the provider/requirer terminology, but that's a personal preference
```suggestion
- Is expected to publish the `host` in the relation databag.
```

Author: Good point. Thx

- Is expected to publish the `port` in the relation databag.
- Is expected to publish the `auth_type` in the relation databag.

> - Is expected to publish the `transport_security` in the relation databag.

Reviewer 4: These expectations aren't really useful as they're all implicitly provided through the schema. This section is supposed to describe the behavior, rather than the schema itself. See https://github.com/canonical/charm-relation-interfaces/blob/main/interfaces/grafana_auth/v0/README.md#behavior for an example.

Author: Noted. Thx

### Requirer

- Is not expected to provide anything

## Relation Data

### Provider

> [\[JSON Schema\]](./schemas/provider.json)

Reviewer: this link is dead. Point to `[Pydantic Schema](./schema.py)` instead.

Provider publishes the SMTP configuration. It should be placed in the **application** databag.

#### Example

```yaml
related-units: {}
application_data: {
  "host": "example.smtp",
  "port": "25",
  "user": "example_user",
  "password_id": "01548499c9233d4612352c989162d940f6a9e6f6d5cc058dfcf66f51575e09c2",
  "auth_type": "plain",
  "transport_security": "tls",

>   "domain": "domain",

Reviewer 3: It would be nice to have a better example than `domain` here.
